How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By using line by line compare of differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Ability to compare older version for bug reference

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    You chose the time to commit, good
    Forget to commit, bad

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows those commits to group files together for later view reference.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Viewing versions and differences

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control should have a working to go back to if needed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Saving and comparing code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Allowing to reference older version as needed.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Commits maybe made too small or too big.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Files in Git more likely related than other VC options.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log give the commit history.
	git diff give the changes between the commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	The last version(s) of the code are available through Git.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Code versioning and comparing

